Keep in mind, people are always going to
treat you exactly the way you teach them
how you want to be treated. If you have
high standards and you make it clear
from the very get-go that you do not
allow disrespect, what you expect how
you want them to treat you, that's
exactly how they will treat you. And if
they are not willing to step up and
treat you that way, best believe me,
they are going to remove themselves from
your life. That's why high standards is
actually not a wall. It's a protection
that is filtering out people who are
simply not willing to step up and not
willing to treat you the way you want to
be treated. You're welcome.